# final-project-repositories-bennguyen25
final-project-repositories-bennguyen25 created by GitHub Classroom

Weixuan Teng/Ben Nguyen
Apr23
Info 201
Project Proposal


Story Pitch
In Asia, a fascinating relationship exists between happiness and suicide rates. Despite some region's technological advancements, high standards of living, and strong economies, some Asian countries are still known for having high suicide rates.(such as Japan) Our story aims to explore this paradoxical relationship and dive into the factors that contribute to this phenomenon across Asia.
 
Our story will investigate why happiness levels in some Asian countries don't necessarily correlate with their suicide rates. We will analyze data from the "World Happiness Report" and "Suicides" datasets from Our World in Data and Kaggle to find patterns and correlations that can provide insights into this situation.

This story will be engaging and intriguing because it will question widely held beliefs about happiness score would be an variable reflecting the suicide rate. It is a topic that touches on core life issues such as mental health, societal pressure, and cultural conventions, this impacts millions of individuals. Our story's unifying subject is the investigation of this paradoxical relationship. We really want to move beyond surface level and point out the intricate factors that contribute to high suicide rates in some Asian countries. 

To get a better grasp of the cultural and economic backgrounds of vastly different Asian countries, we will reference scholarly articles, news stories, and expert interviews for background research and inspiration. We will also look at various policies or interventions that have been done or proposed to address this issue in Asia and other places that face comparable challenges.

Finding Data
Dataset 1: Suicides from Our World in Data

Where did you download the data ?
We downloaded the "Suicides" dataset from Our World in Data at the following URL:
https://ourworldindata.org/suicide

How was the data collected or generated?
The data was collected by by Saloni Dattani, Lucas Rodés-Guirao, Hannah Ritchie, Max Roser and Esteban Ortiz-Ospina


How many observations (rows) are in your data?
The dataset contains 3880 rows.

How many features (columns) are in the data?
The dataset has 4 columns: entity, year, code, suicides
Dataset 2: World Happiness Report from Kaggle

Where did you download the data (e.g., a web URL)?
We downloaded the "World Happiness Report" dataset from Kaggle at the following URL:
https://www.kaggle.com/ajaypalsinghlo/world-happiness-report-2021

How was the data collected or generated?
The data was collected and generated by the SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT SOLUTIONS NETWORK.

How many observations (rows) are in your data?
The dataset contains 158 rows.

How many features (columns) are in the data?
The dataset has 10 columns: country, year, happiness score, GDP per capita, social support, healthy life expectancy, freedom to make life choices, generosity, perceptions of corruption, regional indicator, and rank based on the happiness score.

Background Research/Inspiration
Japan Times - Suicide spike in Japan shows mental health toll of COVID-19
URL:https://www.japantimes.co.jp/news/2020/10/09/national/social-issues/suicide-mental-health-coronavirus/
Our project focuses on the relationship between happiness and suicide rates in Asia. This article inspired us because it helps us understand the different contexts in Asia and specifically Japan, but our project will go further by analyzing the data and visualizing the relationship between happiness and suicide rates.



The Guardian - Japan vows to cut suicide rate by 20% over 10 years
URL:https://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/sep/04/japan-vows-suicide-rate-cut-cultural-resistance-mental-health
This article discusses how Japan's authorities have tackled the issue of suicide and its relation to specific time periods (e.g., "Hour of the Wolf").
While the article offers valuable information on specific interventions, our project will focus on a broader analysis of happiness and suicide rates over time.

Suicide in Asia: Opportunities and Challenges
URL: https://academic.oup.com/epirev/article/34/1/129/498617
This journal article from Oxford Academic provides a look into Asia’s suicide rates and how it is influenced by traditional values. Asian countries have higher suicide rates and are also subjected to more stress.

BBC - Why does Japan have such a high suicide rate?
URL: https://www.bbc.com/news/world-33362387
This BBC article also explores the factors contributing to Japan's high suicide rate, offering additional insights into the issue.
Our project will use this article as a reference for background information, but we will provide a more data-driven approach by analyzing the "World Happiness Report" and "Suicides" dataset from Our World in Data.

Suicide rate in Korea rises, highest among developed countries. Here's why
URL: https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/international/us/suicide-rate-in-korea-rises-highest-among-developed-countries-heres-why/articleshow/94479324.cms
Despite Korea being one of the most developed countries in the world, its suicide rate has been climbing, reaching the highest among its peers. One of the main factors for South Korea’s high suicide rate is due to academic pressure, work pressure, the stigma around mental health, and the absence of social welfare for the elderly.
